Support non-list variables for list arguments (#1043)
graphql/graphql-spec: spec/Section 5 -- Validation.md

  - Let {nullableVariableType} be the nullable type of {variableType}.
  - Return {AreTypesCompatible(nullableVariableType, locationType)}.
- Otherwise, if {locationType} is a list type:
  - Let {itemLocationType} be the unwrapped item type of {locationType}.
  - If {variableType} is NOT a list type:

>     - If {itemLocationType} is a non-null type:
>       - Let {nullableItemLocationType} be the unwrapped nullable type of {itemLocationType}.
>       - Return {AreTypesCompatible(variableType, nullableItemLocationType)}.
>     - Otherwise, return {AreTypesCompatible(variableType, itemLocationType)}.

Author: Note: this is simpler to write and equally as effective (and potentially more understandable):
```suggestion
    - If {itemLocationType} is a non-null type:
      - Let {nonNullVariableType} be the non-null type of {variableType}.
      - Return AreTypesCompatible(nonNullVariableType, itemLocationType).
```
However, all the rest of the logic favors unwrapping types, rather than wrapping types.  So with a single extra line in the logic here, we are only unwrapping types, and never wrapping types.
